Secure24
 Engagement Type                                 XYZ Product Demonstration

 Client Attendee                                 Deepak - Secure24

 Cloud Environment                               Azure and AWS

 Workload Composition                            Storage, Virtual Machines, and App Services

 Monthly Cloud Spend (estimate)                  ~USD 15,000 (variable with usage)

 Non-Prod Spend Visibility                       Not known to attendee at call time

 Service Portfolio                               Internal cloud usage plus managed services /
                                                 migration support for external customers




Secure24

Here is a transcript of the call between the XYZ representative and Deepak:

XYZ: Hello, hi Deepak.

Deepak: Yeah, hi.

XYZ: So, can we start?

Deepak: Yes, please.

XYZ: Your company is using any cloud?

Deepak: Yeah, we are using Azure, AWS.

XYZ: Okay, and what kind of resources are you using?

Deepak: Storage, virtual machines, and some app services.

XYZ: Cool, cool, cool. Can you also mention the cloud cost, your monthly cloud cost?
Estimated.
Deepak: It depends on the usage, but average cost is around 15,000 USD.

XYZ: 15,000 USD? And you can also mention the non-prod cloud cost? Non-production
cloud cost, dev/test?

Deepak: I have no idea, actually.

XYZ: Okay, cool. And your company also, like, your company provides deployment as well,
like, helps also provide the cloud solution, right?

Deepak: No, we only—we have some development work, so we use our own services in cloud,
and we also support other customers on managing their own cloud.

XYZ: So you guys can help us help in deployment as well, like for moving from one cloud to
another?

Deepak: Yeah, migration, yes.

XYZ: Cool, cool. Okay. And also your company helps in managing the resources?

Deepak: Yes, we do.

XYZ: Like turning off and turning on the resource?

Deepak: Yeah.

XYZ: Okay, so this is what we also do. That's the thing. Similarly, we also do such things. So
I was just checking your website, I just saw the migration part and the resources management
part.

Deepak: Okay, mm-hmm.

XYZ: Yeah, yeah. So do you want to see a small demo of it?

Deepak: Yes, let's see if we can use it somewhere in our environment. That would be nice.

XYZ: Sure, sure, I'll show you. I'll share my screen, just a second. Okay, you can see my
screen, right?

Deepak: Yes.

XYZ: So we are XYZ company, and at XYZ we have two products, one is XYZ Day,
another one is XYZ. So I'll just go through with the product. I will click on "Playground," this
is based on dummy data. I'll talk about XYZ. XYZ Day is the same thing, similar—help we
help in spinning up the cluster in 30 minutes.
XYZ: So we are focusing on XYZ. So once you click on XYZ, you can see you get
the "All Resources" page where it is a listing of all the resources from your across your multiple
cloud accounts. It can be GCP, Azure, AWS. And once you sync these resources, you can have
an "Auto Tagging," so it will give the tagging to all these resources and it will help you find out
which resource is being used or not.

XYZ: And then we have this "State" where you can just schedule it manually also, and you
can also do it—okay, you can also do it manually, you can also put a scheduler. So in
"Scheduler," you can just create a new schedule or either you can attach "Nightly Shutdown."

Deepak: Okay, so these resources will be available only during that time?

XYZ: Actually right, yeah. So it will be running in this green part only and the rest of the part
it will be stopped. And you can directly see the savings—70% and 50 active hours and 118
inactive hours. So once you click on this "Create," whatever name you have given to the
scheduler, the name will be visible here and you can attach it to any one of these resources.

XYZ: Then we have this "Team" part, I'll come to that, this is a separate section only. And
then we have this "Cost Budget Status" where you'll see the cost that you have assigned and
how much of it is being used.

XYZ: Then I'll come to this "Resource Group." So, you know, you can group the resources.
Let's say you have 300 resources, so you don't want to do it manually. You can just group it, like
the use case of it is maybe you can have an application, and that application has like 20
resources. You can just group it and you can control that application. You can apply the same
thing, scheduler, or you can do it manually as well.

XYZ: And the other thing is we also look into this "Order" of turning on and turning off the
event. It can be "Auto Order" and "Custom Order." So you don't want your backend—you don't
want your database to turn on later than the application, so we have this "Auto Order" as well
and "Custom Order" as well.

XYZ: And then you can create a new resource group. I'll come to this creation part, but
before that I'll explain "Team," then I'll come to that. So "Team" is where you can make multiple
teams like Backend, DevOps teams, and then you can assign them budget. So while creating a
team, there's a complete role-based access control. You can give them delete, create, edit
access. And once you create a team, it will be visible here.

XYZ: And now I'll come to this "Resource Group" and I'll create a new resource group. So
you have to write the resource group name, description, and then select the resources that you
wanted to group. And then you can assign it to the teams that you have created, let's say QA
team, and then you can assign them budget—1000 per month. And you can turn on this
"Budget Alert" to get notified, let's say 75%. So once they will exceed the 75% of the budget,
you'll get the instant notification.
XYZ: And one more feature we have here, "Schedule Override." Once you turn it on, it will
just override the schedule, like let's say your resource is scheduled for two hours every day from
6 to 8 and one day you wanted to work two more extra hours. So you can just write "2" here,
you can select two hours and just write "2," it will override the schedule and you can work for
two more extra hours on that particular day.

Deepak: Okay. So for that particular resource or for a particular team?

XYZ: It can be for a particular resource and for a particular group as well, like entirely group
also you can override a schedule. Now we have covered the resource group, team also. You
can create a resource group, once you click on the "Create," it will be visible here and then the
same thing, the capsules are there, you can just put the scheduler.

XYZ: Then we have this "Audit Log" where you'll see all the actions that you have taken on
this XYZ platform. It will be visible here and it can be in green and red color. Red is what
unsuccessful—unsuccessful event. You can just copy this reference ID for that and we will try to
resolve it. And the green is where the event was successful and completed. You can also see a
graph here, but it is based on dummy data that's why it's not visible.

XYZ: Then we have this "Recommendation" page where we'll give you the recommendation
based on the pattern of your resource use. So we provide a recommendation based on your
cloud storage, compute engines, and it's up to you, like for the optimal use of our product, you
have to follow this recommendation. It's based on the right sizing and auto tagging as well. So
this is the recommendation page.

XYZ: And then we have "Settings" where we can integrate with multiple channels like Slack,
Microsoft Teams, Google Chats, custom webhooks. So once you integrate with these channels,
you'll get the notification there for whatever things happen, like if they exceed the budget you'll
get the notification. So integration is very easy.

XYZ: Now I'll come to this "Overview" page and you can see on this overview page you can
see the instant cost savings per week, per month, even three months, six months. You can put
the filter and you'll see how much cost you have saved using the product XYZ. You can
also see the number of resources that is being like that is added across the multiple cloud
account and also local servers as well.

XYZ: Then we have this "Resource Group" where you can see the number of resource
groups that you have created and number of teams that you have created. Now I'll come to this
scheduling event. So this is the same thing, scheduler success event where it shows—ideally it
will be 100%, it is just a representation, it is showing how much of those scheduler event was
successful. Here it is showing 90% and 10 is in red color, you can same way you can just copy
the reference ID and we will resolve it.

XYZ: Then we have this "Team Counts" where you can see the number of teams that is
created and how many of them are over budget, under budget, and running with no budget. So
you have a full visibility of your team and number of resources that are connected with them and
how many people are there in the team. Then lastly we show the number of cloud accounts that
you have connected with XYZ and how many of the resources are connected, how many
virtual machines are there, how many databases are there, so you'll get the full visibility. So
yeah, and this is all about the XYZ product.

Deepak: Okay, it looks simple. And what is the cost for this product?

XYZ: Cost wise, actually we are charging based on the number of resources connected.
And so initially we are not focusing on—for the first month the POC is free. And based on the
impact that we create, we are charging that. And so it's around 7,500 for resources above 10.
And till 10 it is free. Like if the resources are below 10, it is free.

Deepak: Okay, and resources are counted or like on the basis of what? Application, virtual
machines, or how is it?

XYZ: Yeah, so it is counted as application as well, as a virtual machine, and entirely also
and individually also, right.

Deepak: Okay, so that what you—let's say 7,000, so is it per month basis or how is it?

XYZ: Yeah, it's per month basis and it can vary, it's just an estimate and yeah, it can vary
depending on how impact that we have created here. Apart from this we have a lot of things
coming up on the roadmap. This is just a basic thing that I've explained. So the lot things are on
the roadmap, yeah.

Deepak: Okay, so how the storage are monitored and used in this? For example, I have because
we rely heavily on storage in cloud, and sometimes you know storage also we store the
backups, yeah, and the backups sometimes after retention those backups are still lying there
instead of you know sometimes we have to delete manually. So is there any way you have that
kind of monitoring?

XYZ: Yeah, actually the XYZ, so we have this XYZ somewhere here, XYZ Insight. So
this will identify all those backups which are—it uses a snapshot, like if it is not being used for
like last 30 days, it will show you here and based on the check you can take actions.

Deepak: Okay.

XYZ: Yeah.

Deepak: Got it. Sounds great. Looks simple and easy to use, looks like. Fine, so what I will do is I
will talk to my team and then revert back to you guys. And you are saying the first month POC is
free?

XYZ: Free, yeah, yeah. Do you think this is going to be useful for you for your company?
Deepak: Yeah, if it can help me saving the cost, yes. But if it saves me 5,000 and I pay 7,000,
that's no use, right?

XYZ: So if it saves 5,000—like what, can you repeat?

Deepak: Let's say for example if I go with the subscription, I pay 7,000 rupees... oh sorry, 7,000
USD?

XYZ: No, not USD, it's rupees, rupees.

Deepak: Okay, it's rupees. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah.

XYZ: So we have onboarded a lot of companies and yeah, one of the largest FMCG
company also we have onboarded last month. So we are doing great here and the companies
are loving this feature, XYZ and recommendation part more.

Deepak: Absolutely. Yeah, when you have too many of the resources it's highly impossible to
monitor manually. So we have used some onboard insight from Microsoft Cloud itself for now in
Azure, at least that is helping us a bit, but again you know this looks okay to me. Let me revert
back to you guys.

XYZ: Yeah, and charging only we started—we start implementing charging after you know
certain impact like also. It's not like we are going to put the subscription without doing any
impact and all. So.

Deepak: Looks good. Thanks buddy, thanks for your time. I will revert back to you guys over the
email, right?

XYZ: Okay, so do I need to inform my team to call you back certain time like for a feedback
or something or you can just...

Deepak: Yeah, I will drop the email. If I don't, then they can follow up.

XYZ: Okay, sure Deepak. Thank you.

Deepak: No worries, thank you so much. Yeah, bye-bye.
Plink