Castle Group
 Engagement Type                                   XYZ Product Demonstration and Discovery

 Client Attendee                                   Vivek - Castle Group

 Primary ERP                                       SAP S/4HANA hosted on-premises in the group's
                                                   own data center

 Other Apps                                        In-house CRM and other applications - all
                                                   on-prem, published via VPN

 Cloud Footprint                                   Limited AWS presence (a few websites hosted on
                                                   AWS)

 Annual AWS Cost                                   INR 5-10 lakh (seasonality-dependent)

 Non-Prod / Prod Split                             Entire SAP landscape (dev, quality, prod) on-prem;
                                                   split not applicable to cloud




Castle Group

Certainly! Here is the transcript for the call:

00:00 - 01:25: [General background noise and muffled conversation as the participants join the
meeting.]

01:25 - Maya: Hi Vivek, how are you?

01:28 - Vivek: Hi, fine, Maya. How are you?

01:30 - Maya: Fine. So, thanks for your time, Vivek. My name is Maya, and I am taking care
of growth and a little bit of product at XYZ. Our company name is XYZ, and what we are
doing is operating on two vectors of cloud. One is your infrastructure—the actual infrastructure,
how do we automate the creation of the entire infrastructure and make it easy to use? I mean,
how easily you can create those infrastructures, like creating the Kubernetes cluster and
connecting the databases to it. And the second thing is the cost around this infrastructure. So,
how do we save the cost that is associated with all this infrastructure? These are the two things
that we are working on specifically. So, the first product is XYZ Day, which is in the infrastructure
space, and the second product is XYZ, which is the cost optimization tool. Right? So,
before we go deep, Vivek, how big is your cloud estate? I just wanted to have an idea so that we
can, you know, cater this conversation as per that.

03:22 - Vivek: So, you know, we have SAP S/4HANA as an ERP, which is on-prem. So, we
have our own data center wherein we have hosted these SAP servers.

03:37 - Maya: So, you have your own data center, is it?

03:39 - Vivek: Yes, yes. So, it's on-prem.

03:41 - Maya: Oh, so you are not using AWS, Azure, or any hyper-scalers?

03:46 - Vivek: No, no, in fact, we have a very lesser presence on cloud. So, we have our
ERP—SAP S/4HANA—on-prem, a couple of applications—those are also on-prem—and we
have an in-house designed CRM, which is again hosted on-prem and, you know, published
through VPN.

04:14 - Maya: Okay, so whatever you are using, can you tell me, like, how much is the cost for
AWS or Azure, if you are using it?

04:23 - Vivek: So, we have a couple of websites hosted on AWS, but again, if you ask me, it
would go around some, you know, 5 to 10 lakhs a year.

04:36 - Maya: 5 to 10 lakhs a year. Okay. And do you know, or have an idea, like, how much
is on non-prod? Like, how much cost goes into non-prod?

05:03 - Vivek: Sorry, could you come again? I didn't get you.

05:06 - Maya: So, you might have different environments, right? Prod, non-prod—for
example, dev, test, or any other environment other than prod. Do you know the cost segregation
between these environments?

05:18 - Vivek: So, these all environments, I told you, SAP, you know, dev, quality system,
prod—everything is on-prem only. So, our entire SAP landscape is on-prem.

05:34 - Maya: On-prem. Okay. Anyway, so right now, Vivek, we are not catering for on-prem.
So, our product is not designed to handle on-prem, but I can, you know, check with my tech
team whether we can enable this product for on-prem as well. So, right now, I'm not sure if we
can do that or not, but I think for—

05:58 - Vivek: In fact, I would request you to, you know, just give me a quick walkthrough of the
product so that I can also understand whether it could be applicable for on-prem and even, you
know, whatever extent I am using on cloud also, whether it applies or not.

06:22 - Maya: Sure. So, I have just shared my screen. Can you see my screen?

06:25 - Vivek: Yes, I can.
06:28 - Maya: So, this is the product which is XYZ Day, which is related to infrastructure, but
we are not going to discuss that right now. So, I'll come onto XYZ. So, this is—once you
connect your cloud account, right? From here, once you connect your cloud account—so, this is
the playground, this is on dummy data, this is not on the actual data—so, from here, you can
add your cloud account: AWS, Azure, and GCP. So, we take a global view, resource life cycle
permission, and some of the metrics that we need for recommendation. So, these are the
permissions that we take, right?

07:05 - Vivek: So, any cloud you work with?

07:06 - Maya: Yes. And you can add multiple cloud accounts from different hyper-scalers as
well, Vivek. So, for example, a lot of big organizations have a multi-cloud strategy, and they
have, for example, if they are using AWS, they might have some of the resources on Azure or
GCP as well. So, if you have two or three cloud accounts, you can connect all your cloud
accounts here. And the first feature that we have is, so once you connect your cloud account,
what we'll do is we will sync all the resources from your cloud account to our platform. So, on
the 'All Resources' page, you will see all the resources from your cloud account. It can be 10, it
can be 100, it can be 1,000—so, all the 1,000 resources you will see on this page. And how do
we segregate—how would you know whether this is from AWS, Azure, or what kind of where it
is hosted, etc.? So, if you see these icons, this will represent GCP, this is Azure, this is the type
of resource that this resource is, sorry, and this is the region where it is located. And this is the
name of the resource. Right? So, this information we provide for the resources because it will
help you in many things that I'll tell you. Right?

And this column is 'All Tags.' These are the tags that you might have already tagged in your
cloud account. What we show is exactly the same thing. When we sync the resources, we sync
the tags as well. And also, we have this XYZ inside, right? So, there are a lot of resources
which are not tagged. So, when you have, like, a lot of resources, some of the resources might
not be tagged. To help in tagging, we have this feature—AI tagging. So, we read the metadata
of the resource and, based on those metadata, we recommend you some of the tags. Right?
So, for example, this, you can review it and you can select whatever tag you want to tag your
resources and apply. And you can choose to ignore it as well, so it's not mandatory that you
have to use these tags. If you find this useful, then only you can use it, otherwise you can skip it.
Right?

So, these are the tags. And this is the state of the resource. For example, this green means that
your resource is in 'on' state, and if it is grey, it means it is switched off. And to automate this
toggling part, right? This is a toggle. So, this is the confirmation that we'll ask from you. For
example, if it is prod, then we will not advise you to switch off those resources. If I confirm, then
only it will be switched off. Right? So, since this is the playground, it will not be changed, but this
is how you can do once you connect your cloud.

Right? To automate this, we have this scheduler. What you can do is you can create a scheduler
for a week, and this scheduler will work every week. You can name it, you can select the time
zone, and these capsules, right—these small-small capsules—this is 15 minutes of an hour. So,
for example, if you are working from 8:00 to 6:00, you can select it. Saturday, Sunday off. Sorry,
this... this is what you can do and you can set it. So, once you select this configuration, you will
see this is the estimated savings that we are going to be able to save from the scheduler itself.

10:41 - Vivek: So, does this integrate with the service provider to inform them that I won't be
using services during these time slots?

10:49 - Maya: Sorry, sorry, can you repeat again?

10:51 - Vivek: So, I said, does it integrate with the service provider to inform that you are not
going to use these services during this particular time slot?

11:02 - Maya: Integrate, meaning? I didn't understand your question. So, we already
integrated with your cloud account, right? So, this is the configuration that you'll have to do
manually at the moment, but we are planning to automate this. For example, once we have your
metrics data, we will tell you what time of the day you can switch off these resources. Right? So,
once you create it, your schedule is there. For example, you have created 10 schedules, and in
order for the schedule to work against the resource, you have to attach this schedule to that
resource. So, once you attach it, it means that particular resource will work against this
schedule. Right?

And for example, I'll tell you the scheduler as well. So, these are seven days of the week:
Monday, Tuesday... so, once you set the schedule against the resources, you will see, like, what
time of the day it will be—the name of the schedule. So, if you see this nightly shutdown, you
will see whatever you set here. Right?

And for example, if you have multiple resources and there are multiple applications that you are
working on, or there are different projects that you are working on, you can create a team and
you can assign it to individual resources as well, or you can assign it to resource groups as well.
I'll tell you what a resource group is, but this is the idea of assigning a team.

And also, this is not just about the cost, Vivek. So, the entire platform is for governance as well.
For example, if you have two or three cloud accounts, right, and you want to make sure that you
have control over the resources, you know what is happening, what resources are there, how
much cost is there for each resource, and if you assign the budget, how much budget this
resource is consuming from my budget. For example, at the start of the year, you might be
budgeting your cloud, like how much you want to spend on the cloud. So, this can help you in
budgeting as well. Because there are some of the databases or some of the resources which
are very expensive. So, maybe based on that, if you set this, you can plan your resources as
well. For example, if you have one big resource, you can have maybe two or three cheaper
resources. But if you have two big resources, then you can maybe—you can just perform
permutations and combinations of different resources. Right?

So, how do you do this configuration? If you click on the action button, from here, you can
assign the team, you can create the team as well. So, we have a different page altogether
dedicated to teams, through which you can create a team, delete a team, etc. Now, this is the
budget. You can assign whatever budget you want. And these are the budget alerts. So, if you
want to set the budget alerts—for example, if your resource has consumed 70% or 75% of your
budget, you should get a notification. And where are you going to get this notification? So, right
now, we support Teams, Google Chat, and Slack. Right? And there is an option for custom
webhooks as well. From here, you can select the channel if you have configured it. Right?

The other very important feature that we have is the scheduler—enable scheduler override. For
example, you have set the schedule for the entire week, and the resources are going off at 6:00
PM. But because of some release or something like that, some issue, your team is working on
those resources. What you can do is you can override the schedule. For example, they will be
working till 8:00 PM, so from 6:00 to 8:00 PM, you can override the schedule. And that can
happen, like, if you have that requirement for every day, you can change the schedule, but if you
have just for one or two days, you can override the schedule. I can add 120 minutes, so this
schedule can be overridden for 120 minutes.

Right? So, this is the configuration that you can do, and these are for the resources. The same
configuration you can do on resource groups as well. So, maybe you want to group four or five
resources together and you want to set the same schedule, you can do so. So, from here, you
can set the schedule, and whatever you decide, it will work on all the resources of this group.
And you can group these resources based on your environment, your project, or your
application, or whatever—if there is any marketing campaign going on or any POC going on, so
you can group as per that. Right?

The other thing is that, for example, if you have applications and databases in one group, and
you want to make sure that those applications—so there should not be any request which is not
fulfilled. So, what you will do is you will switch off your application first and then the database.
And when you are switching on, you should switch on your database and then the application.
So, this type of configuration that you can also do. 'Auto order' is that we will decide the order for
you; the 'custom order' is that you can choose the custom order. For example, if you want this to
switch on first or switch off first, this you can do for multiple applications. Right?

Any questions, Vivek?

16:21 - Vivek: No, no, in fact, not.

16:24 - Maya: Okay. So, once you do this, you save it and work on the schedule. And this is
the team—pretty simple. You can create the team, you can add the team members in the team,
and you can assign the roles, different roles, to these team members: admin, automation lead,
editor, or you can create your custom role as well. Right? Then we have audit logs. So,
whatever you do on the platform, you can see all the logs here. Sorry, it's slow. So, you will see
everything here.

And then the other thing is, so there are two ways through which you can do the saving: one is
through the scheduler, and the second is through recommendations. So, what we do is we
check the utilization—so, we call it utilization-based saving. So, we check the utilization of the
resources and then we recommend—we'll give you different recommendations based on
right-sizing, idle resource detection, and orphan resources. And there are two other things that
we do recommendation on. For example, right-sizing—you don't need maybe that bigger
machine or smaller machine, so based on that, we will recommend you right-sizing, right size of
the machine. And idle resource—for example, if a resource is not idle at a certain point of time,
we'll tell you that. And orphan resources—basically, suppose if there is any IP address or
anything which is not attached for a longer period of time, or it has been idle, we'll tell you that
as well.

Right? So, what you can do is you can review this recommendation and you can apply these
recommendations. And we're also working on this—so, for example, if you're comfortable with
these recommendations and you are confident, you can apply these recommendations through
our platform as well. So, right now, it's not there, but we are working on that. Right?

Taking a lot of time. And this is the settings page. You can add integration: Slack, Microsoft
Teams, and Google Chat, or any custom webhook. You can do that integration. And the last
thing is that this is the kind of overview of whatever is happening on the platform. So, for
example, so if you see this 'Total Savings,' so if we have done any savings through the platform,
you will see savings here. And this is the total cost of your resources, whatever is tagged. And
these are the number of resources that you will have.

So, what we do, Vivek, is we scan every 15 minutes. So, if there is anything that has been
changed in the last 15 minutes, you will see the change here. For example, if you have added
two resources or if you have deleted 10 resources, you will see +2 or -10 here. Right? And
these are the resource groups, if you have created any resource groups, and these are the
teams, if you have created any teams. Right? And this is basically an overview. So, for example,
if you select any resource, you will see, like, what is the saving of that resource at a particular
day of—like, for example, 18th December. You can select for seven days, 30 days, or three
months, or any custom. So, you will see all this information here for resources and for resource
groups as well.

And also, what we do is we give you segregation of storage, network, database, and compute
so that you know where your cost is going. Right? And this is the scheduler success rate. For
example, when we are running the schedules, right—if you have set any schedule for switching
on or off of the resources, you will see, like, for example, like 90% of the time the scheduler has
run properly, and maybe two or three times it has not run. It can be because of our mistake or it
can be because maybe AWS is down or there is some issue with AWS or Azure or any
hyper-scaler. So, we'll tell you the exact picture. These are the audit logs and this is again the
summary. For example, how many teams you have, how many teams are over budget, no
budget, or under budget. So, you will see all the information here. And the last row is about your
cloud accounts. If you have multiple cloud accounts added, you will see, for example, this is the
cloud account, these are the number of—like, resources, number of resources, and how much
of them are databases or VMs. So, we'll tell you this information also. If there is any SQL—sorry,
any question?
20:59 - Vivek: No, no, in fact, I was just trying to, you know, relate how this could be of any use
to ours right now.

21:12 - Maya: Okay. So, what do you think?

21:14 - Vivek: So, our presence being so low on cloud, I don't see any relevance right now.

21:24 - Maya: But Vivek, you said, right, from 5 to 10 lakhs you have annual cost on the
cloud—AWS, I guess. So, I think there—

21:32 - Vivek: So, why I said 5 to 10, see, some of the sites are, you know, seasonality
dependent. That's what—some particular year we have it 5.5 lakhs, some year we also have 9
lakhs. That was the reason I was saying. Because it was all based on seasonality. But see, let
me, let me go through. I already have, you know, a few documents shared by your team. Okay.
And I'll get back to you if I could, you know, see any relevance and I could see, you know, this
can be used at somewhere.

22:15 - Maya: Also, I think maybe Vivek, if you want, I can check with my tech team if this can
be used for on-prem resources as well, if you want.

22:26 - Vivek: No, on-prem I don't see this could use us because, you know, we are not an IT
company. We have a limited team who is taking care of these SAP on-prem things. And the
team is doing fine, in fact. So, they actually don't need any tool as such right now.

22:51 - Maya: Okay. Great. Anyway, so thanks for your time, Vivek.

22:57 - Vivek: Thank you for your time.

23:04 - Maya: Okay, bye. Have a good day.

23:06 - Vivek: Bye.
Boldwiz