Verox Technology Pvt Ltd
 Engagement Type                                Partnership Discussion + XYZ Product
                                                Walkthrough

 Client Attendee                                Pranav - Verox Technology Pvt Ltd (System
                                                Integrator)

 Verox Location                                 Bangalore

 Business Model                                 System integrator working with enterprise
                                                customers across India

 Customer Types Pranav Can Reach               Data centers, software companies (example:
                                                Orbit Systems); majority service-based

 Prior Product Exposure                         Minimal - 1-2 minute overview previously; no
                                                prior product demo seen

 Previous Partnership Experience                None with a product company before



Verox Technology Pvt Ltd



The following is a transcript of the meeting between the XYZ team (based in Bangalore,
Bangalore) and Pranav, a system integrator (based in Bangalore).




Part 1: Introductions and Context

XYZ (Female Speaker): Hello. Hi, Pranav.

Avinash (XYZ): Hi, Pranav.

Pranav: Hey, hi. One second, so sorry. (Adjusts setup) Hey, hi. Good afternoon. How are you?

XYZ (Female Speaker): Good, how are you?

Pranav: Good, good. Yeah, good.
XYZ (Female Speaker): So Pranav, where are you based out of?

Pranav: Bangalore.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Which part?

Pranav: South. Bangalore.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Bangalore? So we are in Bangalore.

Pranav: Oh, you're in Bangalore? Okay, Bangalore only. Okay. So our office is in Bangalore
basically. I think it is very near for you. It's almost 5 kilometers, I think.

XYZ (Female Speaker): a central part of the city. Yeah, around that area.

Pranav: We're in Bangalore basically. Actually, I was not aware that you're in Bangalore. So
probably we could have met face-to-face.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Yeah, definitely. We'll meet up. Next time.

Pranav: Next time, we'll meet up. Yes, definitely. Actually, I thought you were operating from
Delhi. I had seen something on the website... so I thought like that. So from my office, it is
almost less than 5 kilometers actually.

XYZ (Female Speaker): It’s not much. Next time.

Pranav: Sure.




Part 2: Business Discussion and Partnership Models

XYZ (Female Speaker): So Pranav, Avinash told me that you wanted to discuss the
pricing, the pricing model, etc. Do you have any specific questions?

Pranav: No, see, I'll just give the background of what we do. Basically, we are the system
integrators. So we work with a couple of companies. Based on their requirements, we give a
solution to them. It can be cloud-related, or it can be any other networking and whatsoever the
implementation they're looking for. As part of it, like we have a couple of customers pan-India
which we are working with regularly for one or another project. So when last time I had a word,
definitely the product whatever is there, that is basically not required for us, but we can push this
product—we can bring this product in front of the customer, the end customer. So in this
scenario, how we can engage and how we can take it forward? That's what I was asking
Avinash.

XYZ (Female Speaker): And I just wanted to know... I have a few questions. I'm not sure
whether you have seen the product or not.
Pranav: Product? I have not seen. No.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay.

Pranav: Because that day, basically, it was a very short discussion. Avinash was there.
Actually, it was not possible also. So just we met and the overview kind of thing... probably one
or two minutes. I don't remember who explained from your team member... like it was a very
short conversation. On call, we had discussed about the XYZ.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay. But do you think your end users or your customers would
need this kind of tool?

Pranav: See, probably, we work with a few clients, data centers, and so probably this product
we can push there, hopefully.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Data centers? Okay.

Pranav: Data centers we have, some software-related companies we have. Example, there is
a company called Orbit Systems. So they spend a lot into the cloud.[1]

XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay. And do you know approx. how much is their cloud bill?

Pranav: No, I really have no idea about that. Because as I said, right, they are our customers,
so other services we are giving related to the IT infra and other things. So we can take this
product in front of them. That's what I'm saying. See, I really have no idea whether we are able
to close it or not. So with the rapport, definitely I will try to push this product so that you can give
a demo and other things. So definitely, if there is a cost optimization, right, so they may be
interested and they can take it forward.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay. So I'll tell you, I'll give you a brief. We can send the
document later, but I'll give you a brief. Can you share the screen? (Addressing Avinash)

Avinash: Sure.




Part 3: Partnership Models Explanation

XYZ (Female Speaker): Can you see the screen?

Pranav: Yes.

XYZ (Female Speaker): So basically, Pranav, we have two models. First one is the
Referral, where if you give us any lead—which is a qualified lead—and if they end up using our
product, if they end up buying our product, then we have this revenue share model. If you can
see on the screen, you'll see the percentage, that is between 15% to 20% of the contract value.
So this is what is part of the referral partner model, where you'll give us the lead, but that
depends... that lead has to be under our ICP (Ideal Customer Profile). That's why I asked you
initially what is their cloud bill, because if their cloud bill is around $2k to $3k USD—or minimum
less than $10,000—then it does not make sense to engage or to invest so much time. Because
usually what we have seen is if they have less than a $10,000 cloud bill, then usually they don't
see the value.

Pranav: Understood. Correct.

XYZ (Female Speaker): So these things are important. We can tell you more about our ICP,
but let's go through this model first. So this is our first model where we're going to manage the
sale. You are going to give us the lead—a qualified lead. We are going to manage the sale,
billing, etc., onboarding everything about the platform. So these will be our responsibility. And
you will provide us an introduction and initial stakeholder alignment, and we will see whether
this is aligned with their expectations or not, or whether they fall in our ICP or not. So this is
Model 1.

XYZ (Female Speaker): And the second model is basically Reseller, where you are going
to take the responsibility of selling our product.

Pranav: Okay.

XYZ (Female Speaker): And obviously, depending on how much time you invest and what
is the contract value, depending on that, we will have the revenue share percentage based on
different things. Here again, so we are not going to manage the sale or we are not going to help
in deployment or onboarding etc., you are going to take care of that. Yeah, and that also
depends on how we are going to manage this basically for the end users. But just one question
again: have you done this kind of engagement with anyone or with any product company?

Pranav: Not yet. Not yet.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay. Fine. And how many customers do you think would be ready
to use this product or would be interested in using this product?

Pranav: See, openly I will tell you, really I have no idea right now. So now what I should start
doing is the homework, right? So currently how much bill they are getting, so that basic study I
have to start doing it. So based on that only I can confirm. So currently I have zero visibility how
much are they spending per annum or on a quarterly basis. So after this, what I will do is I will
start analyzing that and you can also give me some prerequisites (1, 2, 3, 4) we have to check it
out. If everything looks good, then I will come to you so that you also no need to spend much
time into that. So at least the basic primary checks and other things, right? Those things I will
do, then I will come to you.




Part 4: Product Demo (XYZ)
XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay. And also, I think we should give you the demo of the product
as well so that you have an idea when you talk to your clients. A few things... I think what we
can also do is we can send you one questionnaire, right? The questions maybe you should be
asking your end users. All those questions would be around cloud usage: which cloud they are
on, for example. We are right now on XYZ, we are supporting AWS, Azure, and GCP. We
have not yet supported OCI and we are not supporting any on-prem resources as well...
on-prem infrastructure, sorry, not resources. So I'm not sure the data center thing would work or
not, but we'll check.

Pranav: Sure.

XYZ (Female Speaker): So you can also... this is our website, xyz.com. This is the
playground. I think you can also go and explore for yourself. This is on dummy data. So once
you connect your cloud account, right, from here you will connect your cloud account.[2] Once
you connect your cloud account, you will land on this "All Resources" page where what we do is
we take different kind of permissions to show you this. So there are different things that we do in
the platform, so there are different types of permissions that we need.

XYZ (Female Speaker): First one is the Global View permission to sync all the resources
that you have on your cloud account on this page. That is just to sync all the resources on this
page. And the other part is Scheduling.[3] To schedule the resources, we need resource
life-cycle permissions. Basically what we are going to do from our platform is that we are going
to switch on and switch off the resources. For that, we need resource life-cycle permissions for
the resources we can switch off... basically we can schedule, not for all the resources.

XYZ (Female Speaker): So once you land on this page, you will see all the resources from
different cloud accounts. You can connect multiple cloud accounts from the same service
provider or you can connect different service providers as well. For example, you can connect
one account of AWS and one subscription of Azure also. We sync all the resources and we'll
show you resources here. If you see these icons, this will tell you which cloud account this
resource is from, and this is the type of resource, and this is the region where this resource is
spun up. This is the name of the resource. We'll give you all information for all the resources.

XYZ (Female Speaker): The second column is all the Tags. For example, if you tag your
resources, we'll show all the tags from your cloud accounts here. Also, from our platform, we
have this XYZ feature through which you can auto-tag your resources as well. So what we do
is we read the metadata of the resource and based on those metadata, we recommend you
tags. And what you can do is you can review the tags and you can apply if you want to,
otherwise you can skip that.

XYZ (Female Speaker): The third column is basically the State of the resource. So this will
tell you whether your resource is switched off or switched on on the cloud account. Green
means it's switched on and grey means it's switched off on the cloud account. This is the toggle
button. What you can do is, for example, this resource you want to switch off, you can use this
toggle button and switch off the resource. And to automate this entire switching on and
switching off, what you can do is you can use the Scheduler.[3]

XYZ (Female Speaker): So this scheduler, basically, there are some schedulers we will
provide you, otherwise what you can do is you can create a new scheduler. What it does is,
basically, if you have some non-prod resources and your non-prod resources are not used 24/7,
and if your team is working till 6 o'clock or 7 o'clock or 8 o'clock, what you can do is you can
switch on those resources from 8 AM to 6 PM or whatever time these people are working. After
that, you can switch off these resources. And to switch off those resources, we have automated
this via this scheduler. What you can do is you can select, for example, from 8 to 6 o'clock, you
can select that this resource should stay on. Once you do this configuration, you will see the
estimated savings you're going to have by using this scheduler. These are the active hours and
inactive hours.

XYZ (Female Speaker): One more thing: you can select the Time Zone. For example, if
your customers are not based out of India or any other location, different time zones, you can
select the time zones as well. So once you create this scheduler, you can attach this scheduler.
If you are not going to attach the scheduler, the scheduler will not work against the resource. So
you have to attach this scheduler from here. The resource will work as per whatever schedule
you have set. So this is our main feature through which you can save from 20% to 60% of your
cloud bill. That depends on how many non-prod resources that you have on your cloud. This is
also one of the questions you can ask: how many resources are there for non-production
environments and how many are for production environments.




Part 5: Advanced Features and Q&A

Pranav: Any question?

XYZ (Female Speaker): Yeah, see, for example, we'll mention 9 to 6 as a production hours
and after 6 somebody will not use, right? Like you have selected now. So in case if somebody
wanted to in an exceptional cases they wanted to use it, so in such scenario, like the admin has
to enable that?

XYZ (Female Speaker): We have Override. You can override. Admin can... I'll tell you one
more thing. This is Teams. Basically, if you want to assign any team to any of the resources,
you can assign it from here. This is the Cost and Budget. Basically, what is the cost of running
this resource? If this resource is on, how much cost this would... basically cost of running this
resource, right? And if you set the budget, it will tell you how much of this budget has been
consumed by your resource. For example, $100 you've assigned as a budget to run this
resource and out of $100, $14 are already consumed, that means 15%.

XYZ (Female Speaker): I'll tell you where to do this configuration etc. So once you click
here, for example, Action... if you click on Action, you can do all these configurations. You can
assign a team, you can also create a team if it is not created. You can assign a different team
and you can detach yourself. So you can assign a budget—any budget. It does not mean if this
budget is consumed, the resource will switch off. It does not mean that. So it will stay... it will
remain in the same state irrespective of the budget. But what it does is it helps you budget your
resources.[4] For example, if you have this quarterly budget or annual budget that you have to
give it to your cloud resources, once you assign this budget, you will have an idea how much
cost it will... how much budget I need to assign if I need to do that, if it is consuming that much
budget.

XYZ (Female Speaker): And Alerts also you can get. If you enable this alert and you set
this configuration as 80%, for example, if you want to get an alert if your resource has
consumed 80% of your budget, you will get this alert. This alert you can get on different
channels. Right now, we support three channels: Teams, Google Chat, and Slack. You can
select these channels from here.

XYZ (Female Speaker): To answer your question, for example, if we need to... if you've set
a schedule for 6 PM, if your resource is going off at 6 PM but your team wants to work till 8 or 9
or whatever time, what you can do is as an admin, you can enable this scheduler. By clicking
here, you can do that. So this is a one-time configuration that you can do. For example, if you
want your team to override the schedule for maximum of 5 hours or maybe 3 hours or 2 hours,
you can add from here hours... you can add 5. This means that this schedule can be overridden
for 5 hours on any particular day. You click on Update, so this configuration will be updated
against the resource.

Pranav: Got it. Okay.

XYZ (Female Speaker): So now you mean to say that around 20% to 60% of the cloud bill
we can save, correct?

Pranav: Yeah, that depends on how many non-production resources you have.

XYZ (Female Speaker): And second thing is like is there any demo version or something
like that available we can give to the customer? Demo version as in the trial version I'm talking
about for a week so that we can show them you have saved this much. Something like that, just
I'm asking. If somebody will look for...

Pranav: I didn't get your question. You are asking for any POC or...?

XYZ (Female Speaker): We will approach this product with any of the customers and we
will show the demo. So after the demo, is there any trial version available? Free trial kind of
thing for a week or two?

Pranav: Yeah, two to three weeks we can do. We can do. Fine. And like so majorly, who are
the targeted customers actually from my end? Like whom should I target majorly?
XYZ (Female Speaker): So again, I think you need to know. So right now we are targeting
FMCG companies, media companies.

Pranav: Which one?

XYZ (Female Speaker): Media companies. So these are our ICP right now, but we are
exploring mid-sized companies from different industries. But like for this FMCG companies and
media companies, we are sure that this product is useful. But yeah, again... so do you have any
customers from media or FMCG?

Pranav: No, I don't. You don't have. Who are your customers like mostly?

Pranav: See, majorly we're into the... that's what right, the service-based companies are
majorly actually.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay. Okay. Understood.

Pranav: Okay, so I really got some overview kind of thing and even Avinash also I have seen
this also how it works. What I will do, let me start approaching. So you can help me with the
basic questionnaires what should I ask and get the information before I reach out. So that I will
start doing it. And some prerequisites kind of thing you can give it to me, so that I will follow that.
So probably once I have a proper qualified lead, right, so then we can sign up the agreement
and we can move ahead.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay, yeah. But I think we need at least like how many do you
think... okay, fine, we'll talk about all these things later. But yeah, let us know if you get any
leads.

Pranav: Right. So that's what, let me start talking to them, let me understand what is their
cloud bills and other things and what they are using currently. So that I will get an idea how
many customers or how many leads I'm able to generate with my current portfolio.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Yeah, also, I think usually... so if we, like whenever we have shown
this product to anyone, right, a lot of people who have good cloud usage, they might have
written scripts to use this scheduler. So you know, for any resource or any number of resources,
they might have written some scripts on AWS or Azure or GCP to switch on and switch off these
resources. But usually what happens is you have to manage these scripts and like a lot of
operational overhead is there to manage all these scripts. So this is the... I think you're going to
get this question like "we are already doing this, why do we need all this?"

XYZ (Female Speaker): I've not given you the entire demo, so I'll just show you two more
things. The other thing is Resource Group. So basically, whatever configuration we have done
against the resource, single resource, you can do the similar configuration for the group of
resources. So you can group this resources as per your environment, as per your application,
as per any POC if you are doing. If you've spun up any resources for any particular POC, you
can group those resources together and you can manage those resources. So whatever
schedule you're going to set up for a group, all the resources within that group will run as per
that schedule. There are other things also what you can do, for example, if one group has
application and databases and if you want to configure like what resource should switch on first
or switch off first, you can do this configuration from Auto Order and Custom Order. From
Custom Order, what you can decide is which resource should go on first or off first. So this is
what you can do in Resource Groups.

XYZ (Female Speaker): And the second thing is... so there are two things through which
you can save your cloud cost. One is via switching off the resources which are not being used.
The second thing is Recommendations. So this is based on the usage. So we check the usage
of your resources on the cloud and based on that, we provide you some recommendations.
These recommendations are related to right-sizing, idle resources if there are idle resources,
and if there are any orphaned resources which have not been used from a long time. So we'll
identify those resources and we'll give you recommendations for that. And right-sizing also. So
for example, your usage is just 20% or 30%, so we'll give you right-sizing recommendation as
well.

XYZ (Female Speaker): If you see this, this is related to cloud storage, compute,
Kubernetes, and SQL. From here, what you can do is you can review it and you can... so we are
working on one feature, like for example, if you like this recommendation and if you think you
can apply this recommendation, we'll give you a button here through which you can
automatically apply this recommendation. Or we can take you to a CLI and through that you can
apply this. Obviously, we're going to give you the steps etc. that you need to follow to apply this
recommendation. But right now it's not live, we're working on that. But right now we're just giving
you the reason why we've recommended this particular right-sizing or idle resources or
anything.

XYZ (Female Speaker): And we are also going to tell you what is the current cost of
running this resource and how much if you apply this recommendation, how much is the savings
potential or opportunity that you will have—the amount that you are going to save. So if you use
the scheduler for non-prod resources, you can save from 20% to 60%. But if you apply this
recommendation and if you make use of these recommendations, you can further save your
cloud bill up to 15% to 20%.

Pranav: And see, come to the charges, right? Like how do you charge actually?

XYZ (Female Speaker): So it is based on the number of resources.

Pranav: Okay. So it's something like a license-based kind of thing or...?

XYZ (Female Speaker): License-based meaning?

Pranav: I mean number of user basis you said, right?

XYZ (Female Speaker): No, not number of users. It depends on the number of resources.
Pranav: Number of resources. Okay. So right now I have no other questions. So probably
when clients will ask some questions, right, so I will have that. So probably I will connect with
you during that time.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Yeah, so we have this dashboard as well. What I'll suggest you is
please go through this playground by yourself and if you have any questions, you can ask. You
can directly call on my number if you have any questions.

Pranav: Sure, sure, I'll do that.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Anything else?

Avinash: I don't think so. We are done with it.

Pranav: Yeah, so probably the Word file which you've shown me, right? I think you can share
me that. I'll share that. After this, I will go through that and some basic questionnaires also you
please do share with me. So anything else I will connect with you.

XYZ (Female Speaker): I think you need one permissions document as well—so basically
what permission we ask across different hyperscalers. So we can give you that document as
well because usually people ask that question: "What kind of permission you need?" or "How do
you connect this to our cloud account?" etc. and what kind of permissions are needed. So yeah,
we can send that.

Pranav: Sure.

XYZ (Female Speaker): Okay then, great. Thank you so much.

Pranav: Bye. Bye.
Owl (Owl Media Group)