Owl (Owl Media Group)
 Engagement Type                                   XYZ Product Demonstration and Discovery

 Client Attendee                                   Divya - Vice President, Product & Technology
                                                   (group of companies)

 Portfolio                                         Owl Media (OTT), Aradhya (recently soft-launched
                                                   spiritual app), Owl (India business recently
                                                   closed), plus internal communication projects

 Cloud Used                                        AWS only (infrastructure and CDN)

 Approx. Combined Cloud Spend                      ~INR 50 lakh per month (combined across
                                                   entities, not Owl Media alone)

 Resource Count (approx.)                          ~15-16 resources (Compute Cloud, CDN, S3, etc.)

 Environment Split Visibility                      Client needs to internally check non-prod vs. prod
                                                   split




Owl

Sure, here is the transcript for the video call:

[00:00] Karan: Hi, hello, hi Divya.

[00:04] Divya: Hi.

[00:07] Maya: Hi Divya, my name is Maya, and I'm heading product at XYZ. So
XYZ is our company name, and we have two products, XYZ Day and XYZ. So
basically, what essentially we are trying to solve is we are trying to solve two major issues that
people face in cloud. First is regarding the infrastructure. When they have to create any
infrastructure on the cloud, we have automated those processes related to Kubernetes at the
moment. We are working on other resources as well. Sorry, Kubernetes and the data store,
some of the data stores. And we're working on VMs, etc. And the other product that we have is
focused on the cost, basically. What we do is we have this cloud governance tool, XYZ,
which includes the governance of the resources as well, plus the cost optimization. So we have
these two products, XYZ Day and XYZ. So and today, we want to talk to you about XYZ
Night.

[01:21] Divya: Okay.

[01:22] Maya: Okay. Can you maybe just introduce yourself, like what you are handling at the
moment at Owl Media?

[01:29] Divya: Yeah. So I'm working in the capacity of Vice President for Product and
Technology for the group of organizations. So we have three applications right away with us. So
one is Owl Media, which is a known OTT platform you are aware of, for which you have connected
us. And the other one is Aradhya, which is a spiritual application we have launched recently. So
yeah, we have soft-launched, but yeah, we are yet to launch it again. And apart from that, we
had Owl app with us since last six years, which we have recently closed in India. Yeah. So yeah,
that is still working. And apart from that, we are also working on few communication projects and
all, which is not in public right away.

[02:27] Maya: Okay. And then, I mean, considering your work, I think you will have a lot of
cloud usage.

[02:35] Divya: Yes, we have.

[02:37] Maya: Okay. So can I ask you a few questions before we deep dive into the product?

[02:41] Divya: Sure.

[02:43] Maya: Yeah. So which hyperscaler are you using at the moment? Is it AWS, GCP, or
Azure?

[02:49] Divya: AWS. For our OTT platforms, we are dependent on AWS only.

[02:56] Maya: AWS only. Okay. And for infrastructure, as well as for the CDN, both.

[03:00] Divya: CDN also.

[03:01] Maya: CDN also you are using. And do you, like, can you tell me what is your cloud
spend approximately? I don't want to know the exact number, but what is the range that you're
spending on cloud?

[03:15] Divya: So standalone, if you ask about Owl Media, I need to get into documents, but
overall budget I can say that goes for a month around 50 lakhs or something.

[03:29] Maya: 50 lakhs. Yeah. Yeah, because we are talking to other media companies, so
they also have something similar, like more than this, like three times or five times.

[03:41] Divya: Yeah, but this is like combined budget. I'm not talking about Owl Media
standalone. I need, if you need segregated figures, I would need to check into the figures.
[03:52] Maya: No, no, it's fine. It's fine. Like, approx figure is fine right now. So why I'm asking
these questions is because Divya, the product XYZ, right, so we are, there are two
ways through which we do the cost optimization. One is through, through scheduling. So
basically, what we do is we schedule your non-prod resources automatically, right? And those
non-prod resources will switch off like at whatever schedule you have set. So for example, your
team is working from 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM, and after 9:00 PM, you can set the schedule on a
weekly schedule. And based on that, it will switch on and switch off. So that is mostly for
non-prod. Right?

[04:36] Divya: Can you please come again? Because I think for our case, it should not apply.

[04:41] Maya: No, but non-prod, for example, Divya, you, like whatever is running on, on
prod, it will not apply there, right? But your dev team might be working on some projects, right?
There must be some environments, testing environment, dev environment, or any stage
environment.

[04:59] Divya: They have sandbox and all. Yeah.

[05:00] Maya: Yeah. So those environments, those are mostly non-prod resources, and those
are mostly ignored, like we don't switch off those, right? So we don't, so you, your team might
have some scripts which are running, which can, you know, switch in on and switch off or some
native scheduler of the, like what AWS or any other hyperscaler. But the coverage that they
provide and the maintenance that you have to do to manage all those scripts, like, it's huge. It
consumes a lot of time. Right? So what we do is we provide you a very simple scheduler
through which you can schedule all these resources.

[05:37] Divya: Okay.

[05:39] Maya: Right. So that's why I wanted to ask you another question, like what is the
segregation between non-prod and prod? But I guess it would be difficult to find out at the
moment.

[05:48] Divya: Yeah, actually. On cloud consumption basis, it is like hard to find.

[05:52] Maya: Yeah. So what we do usually is, like once we, you know, once, you know, if, if
you are comfortable, what you can do is, you can share your CUR report with us. So we do this
analysis for you. Like how many prod resources and how many are running at what time, at
what time of the day. And what is the, you know, approximately cost that we can save by
switching off these resources at what particular time. So we, we do that analysis. But yeah, right
now, let's not talk about that. So that is the one way of saving the cost, the scheduling part. And
the second part is that we have these AI recommendations. Okay. That we give based on the
usage. Okay. So that can be applicable for your prod resources as well.

[06:33] Divya: Okay.
[06:34] Maya: Right. So one is for non-prod, and other is for prod. But like recommendations
can work on non-prod as well. So it's, uh, like but like scheduling cannot work on prod for sure.
Right? So in recommendation, what we do is we help you tag your resources. Uh, the second
thing is, we help you identify idle resources, orphaned resources, and we do the right-sizing
recommendations as well. So for example, if your usage has been just 30%, or not more than
40%, then we will give you right-sizing recommendations. Right? Obviously, you don't have to
apply those recommendations immediately, but we can give you all the reasoning why we have
given you whatever right-sizing recommendation we have given. We'll give you proper
reasoning and will give you the amount that you can save if you apply this recommendation.

[07:17] Divya: Okay. Right.

[07:18] Maya: Right. So these are two ways, uh, through which we, uh, you know, help users
save cost. Right? Can I, can we start the demo? Like, I can give you the, the demo.

[07:29] Divya: Sure, sure.

[07:30] Maya: One second.

[07:59] Divya: You guys are based out of?

[08:01] Maya: Bangalore.

[08:02] Divya: Okay.

[08:04] Maya: Yeah. Uh, can you see my screen?

[08:06] Divya: Yeah, that is visible.

[08:08] Maya: Uh, we have a presentation also, but I think we don't have that much time.
That's why I directly jumped into the, you know, the demo.

[08:15] Divya: No worries, no worries. At least I got to know about your product already.

[08:19] Maya: Yeah. Okay. So this is our website, xyz.com, and this is the playground.
You can also go and explore if you want to do any, you know, you just want to have a look at the
product. So the, uh, two products that I talked about, XYZ Day is where you can spin up the
infrastructure within 20 minutes, right? So this is the UI for that. But we're not going to talk about
this today. So we are going to talk about XYZ.

[08:41] Divya: XYZ.

[08:42] Maya: Yeah. So once, once you connect your cloud account, Divya, so you will
land on this page, All Resources page. Right? So through, from here, you can connect your
cloud account. So this is the playground, this is on the dummy data, right? So what you can do
is, you can connect your cloud account and you can connect multiple cloud accounts through
different hyperscalers. So, so that is the one thing that we provide, the unified view of the
resources. And once you connect your cloud account, you will see all your resources here.
Right? So if, if you see these resources, right, this is the name of the resource. And you see
these icons, this is the GCP. So this icon will tell you whether this resource is from GCP, Azure,
or AWS. And this icon will tell you what is the type of the resource this is. Whether it's
Kubernetes, whether it's SQL, whether it's another just VM. Right? And this is the region where
it is spun up. So these are three things that we provide, and this is the name of the resources.
And these are the tags, basically. So if you have tagged your resources on the cloud accounts,
you will see all the tags here. Right? For example, if you have, mostly people, they tag prod
resources very carefully, but all the non-prod resources they have not tagged properly. Right?
So these are the tags. To enable them to use this platform, what we have done, we have, what
we have done is, we have provided you this feature, which is XYZ, through which we help
you tag the resource. Right? So what we do is, how we tag, how we recommend any tag, right?
So what we do is, we read the metadata of the resources, and based on the metadata, we
provide you some recommendations, essential tags. And again, you can review these tags, and
you can apply if you, if you think that these will be helpful or these are the correct tags that you
can apply to these resources.

[10:33] Divya: Okay. Right.

[10:34] Maya: Right? So these are the tag suggestions that we give. So you can, you know,
just select one or two or just none of them and you can apply or cancel it. Right? So this is to
help you tag your resources. And we are not going to, you know, sync it back to your cloud
resources, sorry, cloud account, because we don't want to, you know, create a lot of tags from
our side to your cloud account, because we don't want to, you know, make it look like a mess on
your cloud account. So these tags are just for XYZ. And the third column is that, this is the
toggle, right? The state of the resource. So basically, green means that your resource is
switched on, it is in the running state. And if it is grey, it means this resource is off. It's not
running. Right? So for example, if you have just 10 or 15 resources and you want to handle
them individually, you can use this toggle to switch on and switch off the resource. Now we give
you this message to make sure that you don't switch off the any of the production resource.

[11:34] Divya: Right.

[11:35] Maya: Right? So that you can read carefully and then do the action, then you can
apply the action. So right, so this is the toggle button to switch on and switch off. And to, you
know, automate this process, right, we have this scheduler. So if you see the scheduler, these
are the, you know, each day of the week. And if you see the scheduler, this scheduler means,
red means that these resources will be switched on on the weekdays and working on the
weekends. But this is, I mean, this is just for the display purpose. What you can do is, you can
create any schedule or if there are already some schedules and you want to attach those
schedules to this resource, you can do that by attaching it. But for new schedule, what you can
do is you can click on new schedule, you can name it, and you can select the time zone. So for
example, if your team is working or your some application which are not working in Indian time
zone, then you can select different time zone for the schedule to run. Right? Uh, you can add
description. And what you can do is, this is these small capsules, right, this is 15 minutes of an
hour. Right? For example, if your team is working from 9:00 to 6:00 PM. This is just an example.
And from Monday to Friday. So you can do this thing, you can select these hours and you can
click on create.

[12:50] Divya: Right.

[12:51] Maya: So basically, red means that your resources will be switched on at this point of
time and green means they will be running. So when you select these, these hours, right, so you
will see this estimated savings if you apply this schedule to your any of the resources or
resource groups. And these are the number of active hours and non-active hours, inactive
hours. So you can create, and you can attach this schedule to any of the resource. It will not, it
will just work but, yeah. So this is the scheduler, scheduler part that I was talking to you about
initially, that we can save cost from this, the cost saving is from 20 to 60% depending on how
many resources you have and how many hours you want to switch off these resources.

[13:39] Divya: Maya, I'm losing your voice.

[13:42] Maya: Hello? Is it better now?

[13:44] Divya: Oh, yeah.

[13:45] Maya: Yeah. Sorry. Uh, should I repeat or you got the?

[13:49] Divya: Scheduler I, I got that.

[13:51] Maya: Okay. So that was the scheduler. So what you can do is, for example, if you
want to govern your resources through the platform, what you can do is, for example, if some
resource is there, if some very big resource is there, you want to assign any team who can
manage those resources, you can, you know, select the team. And this is the cost and budget.
Basically, cost is what is the cost of running this resource, that is the cost, and budget is
basically, if you want to assign any budget to any team member or any resource. So for
example, you have bunch of people who are using some of the resources, like four or five
resources, and you want to make sure that those are running within the budget. So it does not
mean that if your resources are consumed, like has consumed the budget, it will switch off. But it
will give you a notification that this, this much percentage of your budget has been consumed.
So basically, it will help you in budgeting as well.

[14:40] Divya: Okay.

[14:41] Maya: Yeah. So how, how can you configure all these things? So if you click on
action, so this is where you can attach the team. So we have a separate tab also through which
you can create the team and, you know, assign the different roles to the team. But you can from,
you can do it from here as well. But if you have already created the team, you can just select it
and you can attach the team. And the second part is, you can assign the budget. And if you
want to get the alerts of this budget, for example, you can configure it here. For example, if you
want to get an alert at 80%. You know, maybe then you can advise your team to use it a little
mindfully, then you can, you know, notify them. Or these notification can go to a group also,
where everybody can see that this much budget has been consumed. Right? Now, where do
you get this notification? So there are three places that we have already configured: one is
Slack, Teams, and Google Chat. But there is, if there is any custom webhook that you want to
configure, that also you can do.

[15:42] Divya: Okay.

[15:43] Maya: Right? Now the other very important feature that we have is this Enable
Scheduler Override. For example, you have set the schedule and the schedule is running. But
at, for example, on Wednesday or Friday, if your team wants to work till 8:00 PM or maybe
beyond the schedule that you have set. What you can do is, you can enable this scheduler
override and you can select the number of minute it should, it should be allowed to, that this
schedule should be allowed to override. It can be in days, it can be in hours as well.

[16:11] Divya: Okay.

[16:12] Maya: So basically, as a admin, you can do this configuration, and if somebody in
your team wants to override this for a 30 minutes, 60 minutes, or one hour, you know, 2 hours,
then they should be able to do that. But you are going to, you can define this limit.

[16:25] Divya: Okay.

[16:26] Maya: Updated and this configuration will be attached to this schedule, uh, this
resource. Right? Uh, and this is related to the individual resources. This configuration is related
to individual resources. But for example, if you have hundreds of resources, right, and one
application is using 10 resources or 15 resources and you want to group this together and, you
know, manage it in one go. So we have Resource Group. You can create Resource Group, you
can name it as per your application, as per your environment, or any POC that you are doing or
any marketing campaign that you are doing. That depends on the use case. So you can select
the resources and these resources will remain in just one Resource Group. You can assign the
team and you can assign, so whatever configuration we have done, that we can do on individual
resources, you can do on the group as well. The difference is, so whatever you define on the
group, all the resources within that group will have the similar configuration.

[17:27] Divya: Okay. Any questions?

[17:28] Divya: I'm good so far.

[17:31] Maya: Okay. So another very important feature that we have is, for example, you have
application and database in one group, right? And you want to make sure that your application,
your database is switched on first, right, when, they, when the entire group is switching on. Your
database should switch on first and the application should switch off second, because you don't
want any failed request from your application. So this type of order that you can do. So we have
this auto order that we do from back-end, from our side, but if you have any, you know, if you
want any sequence, any particular sequence, that also you can do by selecting custom order
and you can drag and drop the resources in this group.

[18:11] Divya: Okay.

[18:12] Maya: Yeah. So these are different things that you can do on a group. And this is
simple, very, this is Teams. It is pretty simple, you can create the team and you can assign
different, like members, different roles. And if you want to create any custom role, you can
define that as well.

[18:30] Divya: Okay.

[18:31] Maya: Yeah. So this is Teams and Audit Logs, pretty straightforward, that whatever
has happened on the product, on the platform, you will see all the logs here. And this green and
red means because if there are some requests which has failed, you will see red marker.

[18:48] Divya: Okay.

[18:49] Maya: Yeah. And the other, the other way of saving the cost is Recommendations. So
if you click on Recommendation, we'll give you recommendations on Right-sizing. So this is the
right-sizing, this is the tag that you will see, and if you will see this, this is again right-sizing, but
if I tell you something, okay, we don't have any other thing. But what we do is we identify the idle
resources and the orphaned resources as well. So if you review this, right, you will see all the
reasoning. This has not the reasoning, let me just pick up something else. Yeah. So if you see,
so this is the current cost of this and saving opportunity is 100% if you right-size this. So you will
see all the summary, why we have recommended and what is the reason behind it. And we also
give you remediation steps. So for example, if you want to apply this recommendation through
your CLI, you can do that as well. And we are working on, so this is across your storage,
compute, Kubernetes, and Cloud SQL. And we're working on more, you know, to cover as many
right-sizing opportunities as we can through our platform.

[20:02] Divya: Right.

[20:04] Maya: Uh, then we have Settings. So you can add integration, you can add different
integration: Teams, Google Chat, Slack, or any custom webhook. Uh, then we finally have
Overview Dashboard. So we are working on the dashboard, so it will be completely different. So
this is the total savings that you, that this is the savings that you have incurred through our
platform. Uh, and this is the cost up till whatever date. And these are the number of resources.
So what we do is, Divya, we scan every 15 minutes. Sorry, sync every 15 minutes. So if you
have added any new resources, you know, during the day or in this 15 minutes, we will see plus
sign or minus sign. Uh, either added or deleted. Right? And you will, we will tell you like 30% of
your resources are scheduled and there are still resources which you can schedule. And these
are the Resource Group, if you have created any Resource Group, and these are the Team. Uh,
and again, for example, if you have resources, we'll tell you what is the savings and what is the
total cost of this at particular time or day of the month. For example, 7 days, within 7 days and
30 days, what is the savings that you have done.
[21:18] Divya: Okay.

[21:19] Maya: Yeah. And Resource Group, what we do is we give you the different, we'll give
you what is the cost across Storage, Networking, and Databases, and Compute. That depends
on the resources which are there in the resource group. So for example, if there are any
networking resources or database resources or compute resources, we'll give you segregation
of those. Again, this is a Audit Logs, this is the success rate. For example, what happens
sometimes is when we switch on any schedule, switch on any resource, right? Um, those
requests are failed. It can be because of us, but it can be because of the hyperscaler as well. So
we'll tell you the success rate and what is the reason behind whatever has failed. Again, this is
Team Count. And if you have assigned budget, which teams are under budget, over budget, or
no budget at all. Right? And this is Cloud Accounts. For example, if you have added multiple
cloud accounts, you will see like how many of, like in those, in that particular cloud account, how
many are VMs, how many are databases, and how many active resources are there within that
cloud account.

[22:34] Divya: Okay.

[22:35] Maya: Yeah. So this is it about XYZ, Divya.

[22:39] Divya: How would commercials go, Maya?

[22:42] Maya: So it is, uh, depends on the number of resources. Uh, it is not based on users.
So, uh, any number of users can use this platform. But it depends on how many number of
resources we are governing from the platform.

[22:57] Divya: Okay. And, um, what would be the process? How would you calculate it?

[23:05] Maya: So basically, what we do is, uh, we, so I'll tell you like how do we usually go
about all these things. So we'll, so if you're okay, so we can do the POC for like 2 to 4 weeks.
And that depends on how many cloud accounts and how many number of resources that you
have. I'm not sure like what is the number, if you have any number at the moment? Like do you
know how many resources that you have on the cloud accounts?

[23:31] Divya: Oh, by resources you mean like a Compute Cloud, then CDN, then S3, and
all?

[23:38] Maya: Yeah.

[23:39] Divya: So we must be having approximately 15-16 resources there.

[23:44] Maya: 15-16 resources.

[23:45] Divya: Yep.

[23:46] Maya: That's it?
[23:47] Divya: Yeah.

[23:48] Maya: Okay. Okay. Yeah. So for up to 10 resources, it's free. Right? And beyond that,
it depends, like it start from $5 per month, but that also depends on how many resources that
we are managing also through the platform. That we can work it out.

[24:06] Divya: Okay. But that, that would multiply, right, because we have so many accounts
there?

[24:12] Maya: Yeah, so that depends, right? I think you would fall under enterprise. That also
depends, like if, so we do a POC just to find out how much our platform is useful to you. If we
are able to save any cost for you or not. But whatever we are going to cost, the amount that we
are going to charge from you will not exceed 20% of that.

[24:36] Divya: Hmm.

[24:37] Maya: Yeah, that we make sure.

[24:39] Divya: Yeah, yeah, that is obviously the main thing.

[24:41] Maya: Yeah.

[24:42] Divya: Okay. Good, Maya. Let me know, let me have an internal discussion over
this with my team. I'll get back to you on this.

[24:54] Maya: Sure. So did you find it useful or did you find it interesting?

[24:59] Divya: Obviously, it is useful, but I will see, so the main part is I'll check how many
resources are there in, like, non-prod section and prod section. That is the main segregation for
us, basically.

[25:13] Maya: Okay. Okay.

[25:15] Divya: Okay.

[25:16] Maya: Thank you, Divya. Thank you so much for your time.

[25:19] Divya: Thank you, Maya. It was a lovely presentation.

[25:21] Maya: Thank you.

[25:22] Divya: Bye.

[25:23] Maya: Bye-bye.
QuadNet Wireless Solutions